1971 in early Gutenberg, Project by 
released Etext first the was Independence of Declaration States United The.  
retrieval for mounted be
hand diskpack or tape a required which set instruction emailed an stored
in was title The.  
1-2% took file this of
which megabytes, 5 contained and $1500, cost carrier, cake a in large
cake a of size the was diskpack The.  
tape on
paper one plus kept were backups tape Two.  
choose they manner any in copy and use to for
all thus is and etc., Sharewared, copyrighted, never was file 2001.

This in drive priced comparably a of 1-2% about take should of
2001 end the by online have to hope we files 10,000 The.  
"facsimiles. other of nor original, the as same the be
all to going NOT will Indendence of Declaration the of even
"facsimiles" that conclude to States] United the by provided official
documentation that within [even discrepancies enough across come have Etext,
I first our of transcription this creating for research my base.

In a as this using edition own your to
make free feel Please.  
Happiness and Safety effect
their to likely most seem shall them to as form, such in powers organizing
its and principles such on foundation its laying Government, institute
new to and it, abolish to or alter to People the of Right the is ends,
it these of destructive becomes Government of Form any whenever governed,
That the of consent the from powers just their Men,
deriving among instituted are Governments rights, these secure to Happiness.
That of pursuit the and Liberty, Life, are these among Rights,
that unalienable certain with Creator their by endowed are they equal,
that created are men all that self-evident, be to truths these hold separation.

We the to them which
impel causes the declare should they that requires mankind opinions
of the to respect decent a them, entitle God Nature's and
of Nature of Laws the which to station equal and separate earth,
the the of Powers the among assume, to and another, with connected
them have which bands political the dissolve to people for
one necessary becomes it events, human of Course the in America



When of States united thirteen the of Declaration unanimous 1776

The 4, July CONGRESS, America




IN of States United The of Independence of Declaration Independence**



The of Declaration The of Etext Gutenberg Project original.]


**The the in as spelled is however, "Brittish", 05: Apr "Brittain."

[JT, including time, this at find easily to able not
be should I which and 1971, in back used I "facsimiles" those
parchment from removed misspellings several has document resulting out].

The left have I names [which documents the on appear names even
where and, punctuation, capitalization, in variations of plethora is
a There.  
accustomed are they which to forms abolishing
the by themselves right to than sufferable, are evils while suffer, disposed
to more are mankind that shown, hath experience all accordingly causes;
and transient and light for changed be not should established Governments
long that dictate will indeed, Prudence,.  
States these over Tyranny absolute an establishment
of the object direct in having all usurpations, and repeated
injuries of history a is Britain Great of King present the of history Government.
The of Systems former their alter to them constrains which necessity now
the is such and Colonies; these of sufferance patient the been has security.
--Such future their for Guards new provide to and Government, such throw
off to duty, their is it right, their is it Despotism, absolute under reduce
them to design a evinces Object same the invariably pursuing and
usurpations, abuses of train long a when But.  
terms humble most the Redress
in for Petitioned have We Oppressions these of stage every conditions.

In and sexes ages, all of destruction undistinguished an warfare,
is of rule known whose Savages, Indian merciless frontiers,
the our of inhabitants the on bring to has
endeavoured and us, amongst insurrections domestic excited has Hands.

He their by themselves fall to or Brethren, and friends of
their executioners the become to Country, their against Arms bear Seas
to high the on Captive taken Citizens fellow our constrained has nation.

He civilized a of Head the of unworthy totally and ages, barbarous the
most in paralleled scarcely perfidy & Cruelty of circumstances begun
with already tyranny, and desolation death, of works the compleat mercenaries
to foreign of armies large transporting time this at is people.

He our of lives the destroyed towns,
and our burnt Coasts, our ravaged seas, our plundered has us.

He against War waging Protection
and his of out us declaring by here, Government abdicated has whatsoever.

He cases all in us for legislate to Power with themselves
invested declaring and Legislatures, own our suspending Governments:

For our of Forms the fundamentally altering Laws,
and valuable most our abolishing Charters, our away taking Colonies:

For these into rule same
absolute the introducing for instrument fit and example once
an at it render to as so Boundaries its enlarging government,
and Arbitrary an therein establishing neighbouring
Province, a in Laws English of System free the abolishing offences:

For pretended for tried be to Seas beyond us transporting Jury:

For by Trial of benefits the of cases, many in us, depriving Consent:

For our without us on taxes imposing world:

For the of parts all with Trade our off cutting States:

For these of Inhabitants the on commit should they Murders
which any for Punishment from Trial, mock a by them, protecting us:

For among troops armed of bodies large quartering legislation:

For pretended of Acts their to Assent his laws;
giving our by unacknowledged and constitution, our to jurisdiction
foreign a to us subject to others with combined has Power.

He Civil the to superior of
and independent Military the render to affected has legislatures.

He our of Consent the Armies
without Standing peace, of times in us, among kept has substance.

He their out eat and People, our harass to of
Officers swarms hither sent and Offices, New of multitude a erected has salaries.

He their of payment and amount the and offices, their tenure
of the for alone, Will his on dependent judges made has Powers.

He Judiciary establishing for Laws Assent
to his refusing by Justice, of Administration the obstructed has Lands.

He of Appropriations new of conditions the raising hither,
and migration their encourage to others pass to Foreigners;
refusing of Naturalization of Laws the obstructing purpose that States;
for these of population the prevent to endeavoured has within.

He convulsions and without, from invasion of dangers the all exposed
to time mean the in remaining State the exercise; their large
for at People the to returned have Annihilation, of Powers,
incapable Legislative the whereby elected; be to others cause dissolutions,
to such after time, long a for refused has people.

He the of rights the on invasions his firmness manly opposing
with for repeatedly, Houses Representative dissolved has measures.

He his with compliance them
into fatiguing of purpose sole the for Records, their
Public of depository the from distant and unusual,
uncomfortable, places at bodies legislative together called has only.

He tyrants to formidable and them to right
inestimable a Legislature, the in Representation of right relinquish
the would people those unless people, of districts of
large accommodation the for Laws other pass to refused has them.

He to attend to neglected utterly has suspended,
he so when and obtained; be should Assent his operation
till their in suspended unless importance, pressing immediate
and of Laws pass to Governors his forbidden has good.

He public the necessary
for and wholesome most the Laws, to Assent his refused has world.

He candid a to submitted Facts
be let this, prove To.  
injury repeated by answered
only been have Petitions repeated Our.  
here and
settlement emigration our of circumstances the of them reminded have us.
We over jurisdiction unwarrantable an extend to their
legislature by attempts of time to time from them warned have brethren.
We Brittish our to attention in wanting been We have People.

Nor free a ruler
of the be to unfit is Tyrant, a define may which act every marked
by thus is character whose Prince, A.  
correspondence and connections our inevitably
interrupt would which usurpations, these disavow to kindred our
common of ties the by them conjured have we and magnanimity, justice
and native their to appealed have We.  
consanguinity of and justice of voice the to been
deaf have too They.  
do right may
of States Independent which Things and Acts other all do to Commerce,
and establish Alliances, contract Peace, conclude War, to
levy Power full have they States, Independent and Free as that dissolved;
and totally be to ought and is Britain, Great State
of the and them between connection political all that Crown,
and British the to Allegiance all from Absolved are they States;
that Independent and Free be to ought Right of are,
and Colonies United these That declare, and publish Colonies,
solemnly these of People good the of Authority the by Name,
and the in do, intentions, our of rectitude the for world of
the Judge Supreme the to appealing Assembled, Congress, General America,
in of States United the of Representatives the therefore, Friends.

We, Peace in War, in Enemies mankind, of rest the hold we them,
as hold and Separation, our denounces which necessity, the in therefore,
acquiesce must, We.  
